Add blog for OAuth 2.0 refresh token error handling (#2915)
home-assistant/developers.home-assistant: blog/2026-06-10-oauth-token-request-error-handling.md

## What changes

When an OAuth 2.0 request token or refresh token failed, Home Assistant would allow the underlying `aiohttp.ClientResponseError` to propagate directly to the integration. This behavior is being changed and enhanced. 

We're introducing three new exceptions that provide clearer semantics:
- `OAuth2TokenRequestTransientError` - Recoverable errors, that can be retried.
- `OAuth2TokenRequestReauthError` - Non-recoverable errors, that require a reauthentication.
- `OAuth2TokenRequestError` - Base exception for when the above two criteria aren't met.

### Data Update Coordinator

Most integrations that use the OAuth 2.0 helper, also use the Data Update Coordinator. When a token request or refresh token fails, the exceptions will bubble up in the Data Update Coordinator and now triggers the following error handling:

For unrecoverable errors (400+, except 429 (rate limit)):

- Raises `OAuth2TokenRequestReauthError`.
- Automatically triggers `ConfigEntryAuthFailed`.

For transient errors (500+ and 429):

- Raises `OAuth2TokenRequestTransientError`.
- Data Update Coordinator treats it as an `UpdateFailed` and the retry mechanism will be triggered.

> This means that integrations that use the OAuth 2.0 helper in combination with the DUC, don't have to change any code. The integrations who use the OAuth 2.0 helper, yet don't use the Data Update Coordinator, will be asked to refactor their code. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This means that integrations that use the OAuth 2.0 helper in combination with the Data Update Coordinator, don't do special handling of the new exceptions. If one of these integrations are already handling aiohttp exceptions from token requests, the integration may be able to simplify this since the coordinator will handle it by default. The integrations who use the OAuth 2.0 helper, yet don't use the Data Update Coordinator, should adjust to handle the new exceptions.
```
